News Update 

UNIVERSITY NEWS

Life Sciences gets a $100 million supercomputing boost

The University of Melbourne is to oversee the development of the largest
supercomputing facility in the world to support life sciences research.The new
supercomputer will sit as an integral part of a $100 million Life Sciences
Computational Centre to be established at the University to develop the
computational capabilities of our scientists, biologists and technicians.      

Open Day well underway

The University of Melbourne is expecting more than 60,000 visitors to
pass through its gates on 17 August for the University's 2008 Open Day. Open
Day activities will be held at Parkville, Victorian College of the Arts
(Southbank), Burnley and Dookie campuses.      

International Roadshow visits Asia

The University of Melbourne ran a highly successful open day program -
Experience Melbourne University - across four countries in South-East Asia
during May 2008. More than 50 academics and representatives of Trinity College,
International Student Services, Careers and Employment, Alumni, Asialink and
the Hawthorn Language Centre took part in the program.        

Around Campuses 

Students to benefit from new medical centre in Shepparton

Work has begun on a new 'training clinic' medical centre at the University's
School of Rural Health in Shepparton.    

New C02 research facilities opened on campus

Victorian Energy & Resources Minister Peter Batchelor has launched a new
purpose-built collaborative research facility for the Cooperative Research
Centre for Greenhouse Gas Technologies (CO2CRC) at the University of Melbourne.

University launches new media centre

The University of Melbourne has opened a new Media Centre, in the Sidney Myer
Asia Centre on Swanston Street, with a media conference to announce a major
research infrastructure initiative.    

Services 

Progress Report from the Workload Advisory Committee

Workloads and the processes to manage them are important issues. At
Melbourne, a Workload Management Framework is in place to assist staff and
their managers plan, allocate and manage workloads.      

Guest Column 

The application of Supercomputing for biomedical research

Professor Carl Schiesser is a leading Australian biotechnology
researcher and Director of the ARC Centre of Excellence for Free Radical
Chemistry and Biotechnology at the University's Bio21 Institute. 

Did you know? 

What staff can do to reduce their energy consumption

Managing our use of lighting is one of the easiest ways to reduce
energy. To reduce the environmental impact of lighting in your office remember
to "switch off" lights and equipment.    

News about you... 

60 seconds with Margee Glover

From the editorial desk 

Welcome to the first edition of News Update. This is a monthly newsletter
designed to keep the Melbourne community up-to-date with the latest news and
events around the University of Melbourne.   


Enter our new competition 

We are looking for a new name for the newsletter. For your chance to win a
$100 book voucher simply email your suggestion to news@media.unimelb.edu.au
In the subject heading write 'News Update - Newsletter Naming Competition'.  

Got a story? 

Readers are encouraged to submit stories. There are some important steps in
preparing a media-ready story. Enter your research or other activity at the _
story submission page.


Newsletters 
	* Climate Adaptation Science and Policy Initiative
	* Environs - The Newsletter of Property and Campus Services
	* Articulation - News and Reviews from the Faculty of Arts
	* Science Matters Newsletter
	* Office of the Provost   

Suggestion Box 

We welcome your feedback and comments. If you have a suggestion on how we
can improve the newsletter email news@media.unimelb.edu.au and in the
subject heading write 'Suggestion Box'.        

News Update is distributed by Marketing and Communications
If you are having trouble viewing this email visit the News Update website.
http://blogs.unimelb.edu.au/news-update